Document SELinuxMount feature gate (#45280)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/selinux-mount.md

---
title: SELinuxMount
content_type: feature_gate
_build:
  list: never
  render: false

stages:
  - stage: alpha 
    defaultValue: false
    fromVersion: "1.30"
---
Speeds up container startup by allowing kubelet to mount volumes
for a Pod directly with the correct SELinux label instead of changing each file on the volumes

> recursively. It builds on top of `SELinuxMountReadWriteOncePod` feature gate and extends

Reviewer: (nit) I'd write:
```suggestion
recursively.
It widens the performance improvements behind the `SELinuxMountReadWriteOncePod`
feature gate by extending
```

the implementation to all volumes.

> `SELinuxMount` feature gate requires feature gate `SELinuxMountReadWriteOncePod` to

Reviewer: (nit)
```suggestion
Enabling the `SELinuxMount` feature gate requires the feature gate `SELinuxMountReadWriteOncePod` to
```

It's useful to document what happens if you don't do that (eg API server bails out during initialization).
